  Module 1[Software]

1. What is software?


=> Software: s/w is the language of computer.
- is a collection of computer programs and related data that provide the instructions for
telling a computer what to do and how to do it.
- Just like human language.



2. Types of software


=> There are five types of software 
   1) Application Software :- it is a computer software package that peroforms the specific function for a user,or in some cases for another computer application.
Ex- Image and Video editor, word processors and communication platform etc.
   2) System Software :- it is a program designed to run a computer's application program and hardware.
Ex- windows,linux,mac os etc.
   3) Driver software :- it is also knows as device drivers, it is a type of software that lets the operating system and a device communicate with each other.
Ex- audio driver,video driver etc.
   4) Middleware :- The software that meditates between application and system software or between two diffrent kinds of application software.
Ex- database, application server etc.
   5)Programming Software :- Programming software enable developers to develop,write,test and debug other software program.
Ex-Visual studio code,notepad++ etc.


3. What is Software Development Methodology? 

=   The software development life cycle (SDLC) refers to a methodology with clearly defined processes for creating high-quality software in detail,the sdlc methology focuses on the following phases of software development:-

     
    1)- requirement gathering
    2)- analysis
    3)- designing
    4)- implementation
    5)- testing
    6)- maintenance

4. What is design pattern?
 
=    DFD:- Data flow digram
     data flow daigram is a process to representing a data in a proper flow 
     0- leval dfd
     1-leval dfd
     2-leval dfd
     
     Flowchart is a process of representing the program in a sequental manner.

1. What is the difference between Application software and system software? 
=> The difference between Application software and system software.

Application Software
- The most commom type of software, apllication software is a computer software package that performs a specific function for a user, or in some cases, fpr another application.
- An application can be self-contained, or it can be a group of programs that run the application for the user.
- Examples of modern application include officesuites, graphics software, databases and databese management programs, web browsers, word processors, software development tools, image editors and communication platforms.

Example: Microsoft office, Paint, Powerpoint etc...

System Software
- These software programs are designed to run a computer's application programs and hardware.
- System software coordinates the activities and functions of the hardware and software.
- It controls the operations of the computer hardware and provides an environment or platform for all the other types of software to work in.
- The OS is the best example of system software; it manages all the other computer programs.
- Other examples of system software include the firmware, computer language translators and system utilities.

Example:- Notepad, Calculator etc...


2. Explain the SDLC Each face Process
=> The SDLC methodology focuses on the following phases of software development:
There are 6 phase of SDLC:-
1. Requirement gathering- To gather the requirments
2. Analysis- Analysis of requirments
3. Designing- Frontfend:- HTML,CSS,JS...
4. Coding- backend:- python, java, php...
5. Testing- To test  the website or application 
6. Maintainence- To maintain the application














